A
1) Write a function which removes the vowels from a string
2) write a function which prints the fibonacci sequence
3) Given an array with 0s and other integers. Find the   fastest (that use least organizing) way to transfer all the 0s to the right end of that array. 
4) Given an array of integer, find 2 numbers that their sum is closest to a specific number. 
5) Print a linked list in reverse recursively and   non-destructively.
G
6) Find a sequence with max sum in an array of negative and positive real numbers
7) you have a sequence where each number is a multiple of 2 or   5 (so: 2^i * 5^j). he gave the beginning of the sequence as 2,4,5,8,10,16... and asked me to find an algorithm to calculate the next number in the sequence.
8) Given the daily values of a stock, find how you can lose   the most with one buy-sell trading
9) Given an array of numbers, replace each number with the   product of all the numbers in the array except the number itself *without* using division.
10) Simulate a Queue with stacks   ? 
11)Find repeated occurrence of character in a string ? 
12) Given a 2D matrix of numbers find the position of number . Constraints of matrix number always in increasing order left to right and top to bottom
F
13)Given n points on a 2D plane, find the maximum number of   points that lie on the same straight line
14)Given a linked list and a value x, partition it such that all nodes less than x come before nodes greater than or equal to x. You should preserve the original relative order of the nodes in each of the two partitions
15)Give a dictionary with a huge set of words and a string   with wildcard. You are required to find whether there is a match in the dictionary for this given string
16) “Given a set of strings, return the smallest subset that contains prefixes for every string.

If the list is ['foo', 'foog', 'food', 'asdf'] return ['foo', 'asdf']”
17)return the sum of the k-largest digits ([0-9]) in the array 
18) implement a LRU cache
M
19)Given a binary tree where all the right nodes are leaf nodes, flip it upside down and turn it into a tree with left leaf nodes.
20)Reverse a string without using a buffer?
21)Given a set of employee records, containing an id #, age, and immediate supervisor's id #, find all employees who have a supervisor in their hierarchy of k supervisors who is younger than them.
22)Given a linked list with a pointer to next and a pointer to random, create a copy of this list.
23)Check of two strings are anagrams of each other.
24)string to int
25)Without knowing the size of an assumed sorted array, find   an element provided
-How would you design a url-shortening service?
-Given n points on a 2D plane, find the maximum number of points that lie on the same straight line.
-Give a dictionary with a huge set of words and a string with wildcard. You are required to find whether there is a match in the dictionary for this given string
- Given the list of points of the skyline of a city in order   (from East to West) Find the maximal rectangle contained in this skyline. I was asked to write the code. I managed to find the algorithm but was not sufficient.
- Solve the readers/writers problem. Do it without   semaphores. Back up 3 large tables where records in one table reference records in the other two, while adds, deletes and updates are going on. No SQL DB, no referential integrity, no locking.
- what data structure can be used for 3d space management.